Restructure the Software Component Overview (#978)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/controls-overviews/control-system-software.rst

Many of the tools for C++/Java programming are also supported and tested on macOS and Linux. Teams programming in C++/Java should be able to develop using these systems, using a Windows system for the Windows-only operations such as the Driver Station, Radio Configuration Utility, and roboRIO Imaging Tool.

LabVIEW FRC (Windows Only)
--------------------------

.. image:: images/control-system-software/labview-frc.png

LabVIEW FRC, based on a recent version of LabVIEW Professional, is one of the three officially supported languages for programming an FRC robot. LabVIEW is a graphical, dataflow-driven language. LabVIEW programs consist of a collection of icons, called VIs, wired together with wires which pass data between the VIs. The LabVIEW FRC installer is distributed on a DVD found in the Kickoff Kit of Parts and is also available for download.  A guide to getting started with the LabVIEW FRC software, including installation instructions can be found :ref:`here <docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/labview-setup:Installing LabVIEW for FRC (LabVIEW only)>`.

Visual Studio Code
------------------

.. image:: images/control-system-software/visual-studio-code.png

> Visual Studio Code is the supported development environment for C++ and Java (the other two supported languages). Both are object-oriented text based programming languages. A guide to getting started with C++ for FRC, including the installation and configuration of Visual Studio Code can be found :ref:`here <docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/wpilib-setup:WPILib Installation Guide>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual Studio Code is the supported development environment for C++ and Java (the other two supported languages). Both are object-oriented text based programming languages. A guide to getting started with C++ or Java for FRC, including the installation and configuration of Visual Studio Code can be found :ref:`here <docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/wpilib-setup:WPILib Installation Guide>`.
```

Shuffleboard
^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: images/control-system-software/shuffleboard.png

Shuffleboard has the same features as SmartDashboard. It also improves on the setup and visualization of your data with new features and a modern design at the cost of being less resource efficient.  Additional documentation on Shuffleboard can be found :ref:`here <docs/software/wpilib-tools/shuffleboard/index:Shuffleboard>`.

LiveWindow
----------

.. image:: images/control-system-software/livewindow-smartdashboard.png

LiveWindow is a feature of SmartDashboard and Shuffleboard, designed for use with the Test Mode of the Driver Station. LiveWindow allows the user to see feedback from sensors on the robot and control actuators independent of the written user code. More information about LiveWindow can be found :ref:`here <docs/software/wpilib-tools/smartdashboard/test-mode-and-live-window/index:SmartDashboard: Test Mode and Live Window>`.

FRC roboRIO Imaging Tool (Windows Only)
---------------------------------------

.. image:: /docs/zero-to-robot/step-3/images/imaging-your-roborio/roborio-imaging-tool.png

> This tool is used to format and setup an roboRIO-FRC device for use in FRC. Installation instructions can be found :ref:`here <docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/frc-game-tools:Installing the FRC Game Tools>`. Additional instructions on imaging your roboRIO using this tool can be found :doc:`here </docs/zero-to-robot/step-3/imaging-your-roborio>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is used to format and setup a roboRIO for use in FRC. Installation instructions can be found :ref:`here <docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/frc-game-tools:Installing the FRC Game Tools>`. Additional instructions on imaging your roboRIO using this tool can be found :doc:`here </docs/zero-to-robot/step-3/imaging-your-roborio>`.
```
Why the verbosity (`roboRIO-FRC device`)?

Author: agree with both suggestions thanks!

Robot Simulation
----------------

.. image:: images/control-system-software/sim-gui.png

Robot Simulation offers a way for Java and C++ teams to verify their actual robot code is working in a simulated environment.  This simulation can be launched directly from VS Code and includes a 2D field that users can visualize their robot's movement on.  For more information see the :ref:`Robot Simulation section <docs/software/wpilib-tools/robot-simulation/introduction:Introduction to Robot Simulation>`.

FRC LabVIEW Robot Simulator (Windows Only)
------------------------------------------

.. image:: images/control-system-software/robot-simulator.png

The FRC Robot Simulator is a component of the LabVIEW programming environment that allows you to operate a predefined robot in a simulated environment to test code and/or Driver Station functions.  Information on using the FRC Robot Simulator can be found `here <https://forums.ni.com/t5/FIRST-Robotics-Competition/LabVIEW-Tutorial-10-Robot-Simulation/ta-p/3739702?profile.language=en>`__ or by opening the Robot Simulation Readme.html file in the LabVIEW Project Explorer.

PathWeaver
----------

> .. image:: images/control-system-software/pathweaver-5.png

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. image:: images/control-system-software/pathweaver.png
```

PathWeaver allows teams to quickly generate and configure paths for advanced autonomous routines.  These paths have smooth curves allowing the team to quickly navigate thir robot between points on the field.  For more information see the :ref:`PathWeaver section <docs/software/wpilib-tools/pathweaver/introduction:Introduction to PathWeaver>`.

Robot Characterization
----------------------

> .. image:: images/control-system-software/generate-project.png

Reviewer 2: This picture should probably be renamed to `robot-characterization.png`
